Hello and welcome to the latest photos Pretoria
in short Edig an e-mail from a YouTube user
namely has asked
to make a video chat öbb
all around
that was from Dekra
and he also remained open
special questions that I will answer in the next meetings
and you would
some end today
a lot about
one of the riots
such as the measures around 2000 continued
and then I had the page you are visited and then had first
the whole formation beyond measure
found out
Here you can see that this year Sony uses side of the DVD case
each only 30 millimeters
June in focus
from the DVD chamber are 14 millimeters wide
and the total height 684 millimeters
because you have to
the whole still the trim edges
account
they are three millimeters on each side
they are
just as important
because after the man printed his document so in this case the
the current height there
Scala
you just had to cut the document this year and percent
could do it
could then
something is lost
Buhler Exten
Safety is created by the average in it
Sound around
At the beginning, this is a radical creation
that you still prepare a Kistler
and that's what we do
and put too
indirectly a new one
this means
Trichet
to pick on
part
December
click to run the parts
just
that has his name
the VBK vary
Concretely, the units of measure change millimeters
as the standard in the pressure test
and around
how about a wide font
the document is now a
single document
establish
previously kept our pdf file
that raises
width of the front and the back are
1526 minimized land
+ the 14 mm of the middle
District Administrator 74 millimeters
and then the 2 cut edges right and left of three millimeters
Finanzwart 80 millimeters in total
as the wall is higher
it is 104 80 millimeters of guts with the 2 0
Schmidt race
for the home team a hundred 90-minutes
but already the masses
the resolution is 300 Detlef Roth should
Standard is impressed
and also for standards are Seer Mary Kay color mode
Bayer printer mostly with Pierre I have one
yes and then you confirm with okay
you could pretty much lose track of everything here now
front and back to the Beatles
and how far may from the front doors
We have to do that in Photoshop
guides
none right in the Rhine Valley
but with help lines Commander Hilzingen produce that we do now
the first
who love it here
So the first one was found
so to speak
scha percent of the left-trimming rank Photoshop he catches
left to right
however, it is 0 and right is
though 80 millimeters has this example
Enter Lloyd's 3 mm
According to Hermeling, our first left our first vertical 11 7
Now we will continue
the very rights he would be at 280 millimeters 200 as a fan and 7 70 stage
to start with
yes and then come the next 90 percent kidneys
and Santala
he also hates it at 3 millimeters
there stops
rational 90-minute high is 200
she makes 6 millimeters
is now okay again
splendidly still the orientation
now only needs deep calls middle
before that should set the middle and the back
yes as I said photo protective effect
around
left
17 01
So let's start with the back
Users of the Zune 30 millimeters
therefore just just
or 30 millimeters
Zeltner narrow IV back
with suitcases Hochtief means
4 14 mm wide
these 14 millimeters
if you give him the idea with one
Percentage of Uri 30 from back
can you then on the
Be a Christian
next aid yes and so you can see
You must all recognize one more structure
where claims now where is behind
how far you can not go out
Aalen
one is still allowed to Hintzen
if we now run one of the and left behind and then should make
You definitely go over that cut edge
Text so if you are now the Indextrackern you should not Hinwil
Percent approximate one recognizes series or just as Dubai go that one should
definitely not
for inter- and pictures
because around
you never know
For example, by mail
No
background
right on the edge
children
So it's just here, so to speak
just a rumor
in any case, does not exceed all the countries
then it could happen that if you are stupid
ck was right cuts or cuts more of the printing 11 together
rising animal friends is set to the three millimeters
it could happen
but that is still such a small white to look at therefore you will
just because
for safety's sake
if you have a nice and picture five handed over completely
as if he were already
the first question I become so percent
answer
Nixon videos I could then to the next questions
I hope I could Lea Reinke
some Steinacher can get rid of information and
helpful
Ask reviews and suggestions
is the comment box to lead